In this project, I believe that the area in which I learned the most was in working with large datasets. Our dataset came from several different sources, with varying ranges, measurement resolutions, and numbers of rows. I spent the most time working on this project during the data combination phase, where we had to carefully consider the optimal routes to creating one all-encompassing dataset, with features from all of our different data sources. In this process, I also learned a lot about file management and working as a team. With multiple people working on combining the data, we often had multiple csvs floating around, which we did not want to upload to the github repository due to the file size. In the end, I am proud of the dataset we managed to assemble, and the trends we managed to observe. 

I also learned a lot about implementation of models and communication. When we first trained our model with our base architecture and parameters, the loss we achieved was significantly worse than loss achieved by a comparable out of the box model from `sklearn`. However, by adjusting and fine tuning the model, we were able to outperform the linear model from `sklearn`, and achieve what I think is an excellent level of accuracy. In terms of communication, I thought our presentation came out excellently, communicating both the effort we put into our coding and modeling, as well as the trends and correlations we found in the data. Though I did not work on it directly, I am also impressed and proud of my teammates' work on the interactive map, as I feel that it is the ultimate culmination of our project, and the coolest end result we achieved.

Though we did have success within the scale that we managed to achieve in this project, we did not meet our initial goals. We had planned to implement the photovoltaic output model, and then either use our findings to inform a cost-benefit analysis model, or apply our existing data pipeline to other forms of renewable energy. I believe that applying our pipeline to other forms of renewable energy was an unattainable goal, because while some of our model architecture and data processing could be effectively transferred or repurposed to fit these subjects, it would require a significant amount of work in data collection and dataset construction. I also believe that hydro would require significantly different model infrastructure, as it is largely based on existing waterfronts, rather than being viable in any particular location.

If we had more time to work on the project, applying our findings to a simple financial model would have been an attainable goal, as well as an interesting application of our results, which would actualize our findings into real world terms. As it stands, our model rests on several notable assumptions, including optimal solar panel alignment, which may make it an unrealistic model of actual solar power dynamics. Despite this, I feel that the patterns we observed and the predictions we achieved are at least interesting, even if they may not be highly viable as a means of informing solar development.

As I move on from this project, and from my college education as a whole, I appreciate the skills I developed in working as a team, and working with complex datasets. I also picked up some git tricks along the way, though I did have problems remembering to press command S before committing my work. Overall, this project lends me newfound confidence in the fields of data science and machine learning that I did not have before. On a personal note, I had been looking exclusively for software development jobs before completing this project, but, as I leave Middlebury and continue to pursue employment, I am now looking at some data-focused roles as well. I have much more confidence working with complex datasets, and performing analytics having completed this project.